log.md, before:

# 100 Days Of Code - Log (started June 14 of 2018)

### Day 1-6: June 14, Thursday - June 19, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:  

* all of @freeCodeCamp Javascript Algorithms And Data Structures Certification
* Khan Academy's "Computer science - Algorithms" Challenge
* got #uWSGI over #NGINX running for #Python with #Flask
* still learning reading bout Python

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Javascript Algorithms And Data Structures Certification](tinyurl.com/ydav7wyl)



### Day 7: June 20, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:  

* first two lessons of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification (Bootstrap & jQuery),  
  starting with Sass lesson  
* @khanacademy Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations to lesson 24  
* and still reading bout #Python, etc. etc. ^^
* at night: Sass lesson of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [freeCodeCamp Profile](https://www.freecodecamp.org/timhagn)



### Day 8: June 21, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:  

* @khanacademy Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations last two lessons,
  not including projects  
* wrote #Python script to solve Clue #3 in @khanacademy Cryptography challenge 101
* completed React lesson of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification
* cloned and began to write in this log
* prepared and played around with a #Python script to automate writing in this log(s) ^^

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Log on GitHub](https://github.com/timhagn/100-days-of-code)



### Day 9: June 22, Friday

**Today's Progress**:  

* completed Redux & Redux and React lessons of @freeCodeCamp
  Front End Libraries Certification.
* initialized local razzle + Redux playground for the Projects to follow
* played a little more with the #Python script to automate writing in the logs

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [freeCodeCamp Profile](https://www.freecodecamp.org/timhagn)



### Day 10: June 23, Saturday

**Today's Progress**:  

* tried doing first Project of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification,
  Random Quotes, with React + Redux, but SSR in local Playground needed some
  tinkering.
* much reading on SSR, Python, Twitter API, etc.


### Day 11, June 24, Sunday

**Today's Progress**:  

* after wrecking my head I got the Project running in #CodePen,
  but #Redux still makes Problems
* read more about #Python and a little bout Natural Distributions



### Day 12, June 25, Monday

**Today's Progress**:  

* didn't get to do much today, as I had to save a client's hacked Website
* read again about #Python and more bout Natural Distributions and did some
  Challenges on @KhanAcademy



### Day 13, June 26, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:  

* didn't get to much today, again - Hacking aftermath bug-fixing % )
* did some Challenges on @KhanAcademy

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Paint 'Splatters'](https://tinyurl.com/khanchall)



### Day 14, June 27, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:  

* still a little groggy, but tinkered with @babel 7
  & #freeCodeCamp Projects
* did some Challenges on @KhanAcademy again,
  but their streak counter is buggy -.-



### Day 15, June 28, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:  

* had a meeting with a client, so only
  some Challenges on @KhanAcademy again
* read more #Python and bout #React Context API



### Day 16, June 29, Friday

**Today's Progress**:  

* prepared for a Drupal 8 project with
  legacy base % )
* started Memory Game Project on @KhanAcademy

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Memory Game++](https://tinyurl.com/khanmemp)



### Day 17, June 30, Saturday

**Today's Progress**:  

* finally finished #freeCodeCamp Project
  "Random Quotes Machine" with #React Context API
* more reading and challenges : )

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Random Quotes Machine](https://tinyurl.com/fccrqu)



### Day 18, July 1, Sunday

**Today's Progress**:  

* cleaned up "Random Quotes Machine"
  #freeCodeCamp Project
* dived into Context API + Redux
* nearly finished @KhanAcademy 's
  Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Random Quotes Machine](https://tinyurl.com/fccrqu)



### Day 19, July 2, Monday

**Today's Progress**:  

* got further with @KhanAcademy 's
  Journey into cryptography
* used and digged deeper into #Redux
* looked where I might contribute
  to #OSS repos : )



### Day 20, July 3, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:  
* reprog "Random Quotes Machine"
  #freeCodeCamp Project
  to #reactjs & #Redux
* digged into Middleware
  & Currying with #ES6
* did some @KhanAcademy challenges



### Day 21, July 4, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:  
Not much for today, had to work
on a client's mobile-menu.
But:
* did some @KhanAcademy challenges
* prepared second @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
* some more reading for #Python
* some reading on #GDPR % )



### Day 22, July 5, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:  
Although I'm still working on the
client's site, I did:
* finish the second @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
  "Build a Markdown Previewer"
* more reading on #GDPR & #Python
* some @KhanAcademy challenges

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Markdown Previewer](https://tinyurl.com/rr-md-pr)



### Day 23, July 6, Friday

**Today's Progress**:  
Oh, I jumped a day (21th) here % )
So, fitting, on a prime day I did
* nearly finish @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into Cryptography"
* more reading on #GDPR & #Python



### Day 24, July 7, Saturday + Day 25, July 8, Sunday

**Today's Progress**:  
Was relaxing a little yesterday
and only wrote part of a #Python
script for the challenge
and today I:
* finished @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into Cryptography" : )
* read more about #Python



### Day 26, July 9, Monday

**Today's Progress**:
Didn't get to tweet yesterday,
so here are my proceedings
* started @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into
  information theory"
* finished a coding challenge
  by @dan_abramov but it
  seems like his mailbox ran
  amok with DMs ^^

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Dan's Afterthought](https://twitter.com/dan_abramov/status/1016492013443866626)



### Day 27, July 10, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:
* finished third @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
  "Build a Drum Machine", but
  still have TODO:
  Styling, Bank switch, etc. ; )
* more reading and playing
  around with #React & #Redux
  and packaging

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Drum Machine](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-rr-dm)



### Day 28, July 11, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:  
Not much done, had to implement
GDPR compliant Privacy- &
Cookie-policies and such for
a client. But still I worked on:
* @KhanAcademy's "Journey into
  information theory"
* some tinkering with the
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  Drum Machine



### Day 29, July 12, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:  
* continued @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into
  information theory"
* "conquered" #GoogleAnalytics
  #GDPR Privacy- & Cookie
  compliant implementation.



### Day 30, July 13, Friday

**Today's Progress**:  
Only read and talked about next
steps of my freelance-journey
and new Website. (Last one I
did in 3-4 days for my
Media-Design Exam 2015 % ).
* Prepared (physically and mentally
  ; ) for my the next "prime" of my
  life with my wife
  > It rhymes, and what rhymes,
    is good.
  (Pumuckl)



### Day 31, July 14, Saturday - Day 33, July 16, Monday

**Today's Progress**:  
Although I took it slowly on my
B-Day and the "aftermath" the
following days, I still managed
to finish @KhanAcademy's "Journey
into information theory" as well
as "How Computers Work" and
"How the internet works" (why did
they put the basics at the end oO?).
▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░ 33% (1/3 : )



### Day 34, July 17, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:  
Not much, just
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"



### Day 35, July 18, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:  
Just a few hours I
* worked on and nearly finished
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"



### Day 36, July 19, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:
* went on in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS:
   Natural Simulations"
* finished @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [JS Calculator](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-rr-c)



### Day 37, July 20, Friday

**Today's Progress**:
* back in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS: Natural
  Simulations" the Force(s)
  was(were) with me ; )



### Day 38, July 20, Saturday - Day 40, July 23, Monday

**Today's Progress**:
Didn't come to much, these last
days, encountering my old fiend,
the Blues. But still got to do
some of @KhanAcademy's
"Advanced JS: Natural Simulations"
and reading more on #Python and
=> #Entrepreneurship



### Day 41, July 24, Friday

**Today's Progress**:
Not much, just
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock"



### Day 42, July 25, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:
* still in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS: Natural
  Simulations" I tried to
  improve my Mountain Range
  Project with animated
  Perlin Noise as sky % |.
(not the Answer but still ; )
▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░ 42%

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Mountain Range](https://tinyurl.com/ka-mr-pn)



### Day 43, July 26, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:
* starting short before midnight
  (so to say still on D42 % )
  I got back into @freeCodeCamp
  by doing some Challenges from
  their "Coding Interview Prep"
* finished my @KhanAcademy's
  Mountain Range Project

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Mountain Range](https://tinyurl.com/ka-mr-pn)


### Day 44, July 27, Friday

**Today's Progress**:
* still in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS:
  Natural Simulations"
  (Angular Movement)
* back into the @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock", all
  Buttons working in Theory,
  next up is Styling & Timer ^^



### Day 45, July 28, Saturday

**Today's Progress**:
* @freeCodeCamp's "Build a
  Pomodoro Clock" still is
  with me, didn't have much
  time today, as after the
  #BloodMoon, the sun was
  calling me to the park ; )
* there the first chapters of
  @AustinKleon's "Show Your
  Work!" bedazzled me ^^



### Day 46, July 30, Monday

**Today's Progress**:
After skipping a day on Sunday,
Monday was D46 instead of D47:
* nearly finished @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock", but
  some tests were failing -.-
  (now running on D47 ; )

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Pomodoro Clock](https://tinyurl.com/rr-pomo)



### Day 47, July 31, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:
Finally - and still in July % )
* Finished @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock" with
  all tests passing, such being
  able to claim my
  Front End Libraries
  Certification : )

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Pomodoro Clock](https://tinyurl.com/rr-pomo)
2. [Front End Libraries Certification](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-felc)



### Day 48, August 1, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:
* sped through @freeCodeCamp's
  first three chapters of
  "Responsive Web Design
  Certification", Basic HTML(5),
  Basic CSS and Applied Visual
  Design in 74 min., as I'm
  already working on my new
  portfolio (home)page and
  am interested in CSS-Grid ; )



### Day 49, August 2, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:
* today me took "slower" steps
  and went through the next
  three of @freeCodeCamp's
  "Responsive Web Design
  Certification" chapters.
  Next: On to CSS-Grid!
After all today is our 10th
wedding anniversary, which
of course computes first : )!



### Day 50, August 3, Friday

**Today's Progress**
Today @freeCodeCamp's
CSS-Grid section & project
"Build a Tribute Page"
- sad theme #TerryPratchett,
but #makefrontendshitagain ; )
I'll mostly read this weekend,
traveling with "Connie",
my T-101MT ^^.
▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░ 50%

**Link(s) to work**
1. [Tribute Page](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-tribute)



### Day 51, August 4, Saturday & Day 52, August 5, Sunday

**Today's Progress**
As nearly foreseen, I only
got to reading about different
topics like Docker, redux-saga,
Observables in JS and such % ).
Back in the Game and on the
Keyboard again today : ).



### Day 53, August 6, Monday
Yip, back in the game : )!
* finished @freeCodeCamp's
  Responsive Web Design
  Project "Build a Survey Form"

**Link(s) to work**
1. [Survey Form](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-rsf)



### Day 54, August 7, Tuesday - R56, August 9, Thursday

**Progress**
Felt a little under the weather
(and wish it would rain % )
the last days so didn't tweet,
but still read more about #Python,
ML & chatbots.
Finished the first part "Data
Visualization with D3"of
@freeCodeCamp's "Data
Visualization Certification".



### Day 57, August 10, Friday

**Today's Progress**
* finished the second part
  "JSON APIs and Ajax"
  of @freeCodeCamp's "Data
  Visualization Certification"
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a Product Landing Page"



### Day 58, August 11, Saturday

**Today's Progress**
* pushed my @freeCodeCamp "Front End
  Libraries Certification" Projects
  to @GitHub and mirrored them on
  @Bitbucket, suit yourself ; ).
* finished @freeCodeCamp
  "Product Landing Page" Project  

**Link(s) to work**
1. [Front End Libraries Certification Projects @ GitHub](https://github.com/timhagn/fcc-felc)
2. [Front End Libraries Certification Projects @ Bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org/timhagn/fcc-felc)
3. [Product Landing Page](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-plp)



### Day 59, August 12, Sunday

**Today's Progress**
* added watch script to repos
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Bar Chart" from "Data
  Visualization with D3"



### Day 60, August 13, Monday

**Today's Progress**
Yesterday I needed a break,
but still read about #Python,
which seems to be my "fallback
solution" when I have no energy % ).
▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░ 60%



### Day 61, August 14, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**
* finished @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Bar Chart" from "Data
  Visualization with D3"

**Link(s) to work**
1. [D3 Bar Chart](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-d3bc)



### Day 62, August 15, Wednesday & Day 63, August 16, Thursday

**Progress**
On Wednesday I only came to reading
bout #Python again (after all it was
a bank holiday here ; ).
Yesterday I started the @freeCodeCamp
Project "D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
"Data Visualization with D3".



### Day 64, August 17, Friday

**Today's Progress**
* continued working on the
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
  "Data Visualization with D3".



### Day 65, August 18, Saturday & Day 66, August 20, Monday

**Today's Progress**

After being under the weather,
I only came to some reading
about #Python and #reactjs on
Saturday and took the day off
on Sunday. Today I at least
continued working on the
@freeCodeCamp Project
"D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
"Data Visualization with D3".



### Day 67, August 21, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**
Feeling slightly better, so
* finally finished @freeCodeCamp
  Project "D3 Scatterplot Graph"
  from "Data Visualization with D3"
  and so solved their
  #ProjectOfTheDay : )

**Link(s) to work**
1. [D3 Scatterplot Graph](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-d3sp)



### Day 68, August 22, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**
* created repos for the Project of
  @freeCodeCamp's Certifications
  "Responsive Web Design" &
  "Data Visualization with D3"
  and mirrored them on BitBucket
* started @freeCodeCamp "Responsive Web Design
  Certification" Project
  "Technical Documentation Page"  

**Link(s) to work**
1. [Responsive Web Design Projects @ GitHub](https://github.com/timhagn/fcc-rwdp)
2. [Responsive Web Design Projects @ BitBucket](https://bitbucket.org/timhagn/fcc-rwdp)
3. [Data Visualization Projects @ GitHub](https://github.com/timhagn/fcc-dvp)
4. [Data Visualization Projects @ BitBucket](https://bitbucket.org/timhagn/fcc-dvp)



### Day 69, August 23, Thursday

**Today's Progress**
* did a lot of reading, but not
  as fallback, but by intention ^^.
  Doing #JS vs. #PHP vs. #Python
  for my @freeCodeCamp "Responsive
  Web Design Certification" Project
  "Technical Documentation Page"
  Do you know, what ?...$val means
  in #PHP? Read about it in my
  Project (to become Blog-Post ; ).



### Day 70, August 31, Friday

**Today's Progress**
After @ka11ways talk at #byteconf,
I'm gonna heed his words and
won't reset the challenge,
but try to get back on track
on Monday (at the latest ; ).
Today I only stayed tuned in
on @byteconf and definitely
catch up their other talks
on YouTube!



### Day 71, September 3, Monday

**Today's Progress**
As promised I returned to the
challenge and continued working
on my @freeCodeCamp
"Responsive Web Design
Certification" Project
"Technical Documentation Page"
but it's rather turning into a
full scale blog post ^^. 1/2

2/2 All while trying an
update to Mint 19 on my
Dev-@TUXEDOComputers
Laptop, with a first for me:
the Ethernet Card won't work,
while WiFi worked out
of the box % ).
(Probs with an RT8111/8168,
but I'm gonna get it running! ; )



### Day 72 (part 1), September 4, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**
After fixing the Problems
with the RT8111/8168 (see
R1/D71) in Mint 19, I dived
into the intestines of
systemd-resolved.
Hoped to get it running
with my old local .test
confs for nginx and
uWSGI #Python, but had to
disable it % |.
Now some coding ^^.



### Day 72 (part 2), September 4, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**
Finally coding, I continued
working on my @freeCodeCamp
"Responsive Web Design
Certification" Project
"Technical Documentation Page".
Implemented the start of
a Pure-CSS Burger-Menu,
using :target Pseudo-Element
and added line numbering to
code elements.



### Day 73, September 5, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**
* "Finished" the Pure-CSS
  Burger-Menu via :target
  (have to tweak anims ; )
* Finally came to watching
  more of @byteconf on YT.

Commit message:

update for R1D73 PHP vars & tests

log.md, after:

# 100 Days Of Code - Log (started June 14 of 2018)

### Day 1-6: June 14, Thursday - June 19, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:  

* all of @freeCodeCamp Javascript Algorithms And Data Structures Certification
* Khan Academy's "Computer science - Algorithms" Challenge
* got #uWSGI over #NGINX running for #Python with #Flask
* still learning reading bout Python

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Javascript Algorithms And Data Structures Certification](tinyurl.com/ydav7wyl)



### Day 7: June 20, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:  

* first two lessons of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification (Bootstrap & jQuery),  
  starting with Sass lesson  
* @khanacademy Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations to lesson 24  
* and still reading bout #Python, etc. etc. ^^
* at night: Sass lesson of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [freeCodeCamp Profile](https://www.freecodecamp.org/timhagn)



### Day 8: June 21, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:  

* @khanacademy Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations last two lessons,
  not including projects  
* wrote #Python script to solve Clue #3 in @khanacademy Cryptography challenge 101
* completed React lesson of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification
* cloned and began to write in this log
* prepared and played around with a #Python script to automate writing in this log(s) ^^

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Log on GitHub](https://github.com/timhagn/100-days-of-code)



### Day 9: June 22, Friday

**Today's Progress**:  

* completed Redux & Redux and React lessons of @freeCodeCamp
  Front End Libraries Certification.
* initialized local razzle + Redux playground for the Projects to follow
* played a little more with the #Python script to automate writing in the logs

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [freeCodeCamp Profile](https://www.freecodecamp.org/timhagn)



### Day 10: June 23, Saturday

**Today's Progress**:  

* tried doing first Project of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification,
  Random Quotes, with React + Redux, but SSR in local Playground needed some
  tinkering.
* much reading on SSR, Python, Twitter API, etc.


### Day 11, June 24, Sunday

**Today's Progress**:  

* after wrecking my head I got the Project running in #CodePen,
  but #Redux still makes Problems
* read more about #Python and a little bout Natural Distributions



### Day 12, June 25, Monday

**Today's Progress**:  

* didn't get to do much today, as I had to save a client's hacked Website
* read again about #Python and more bout Natural Distributions and did some
  Challenges on @KhanAcademy



### Day 13, June 26, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:  

* didn't get to much today, again - Hacking aftermath bug-fixing % )
* did some Challenges on @KhanAcademy

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Paint 'Splatters'](https://tinyurl.com/khanchall)



### Day 14, June 27, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:  

* still a little groggy, but tinkered with @babel 7
  & #freeCodeCamp Projects
* did some Challenges on @KhanAcademy again,
  but their streak counter is buggy -.-



### Day 15, June 28, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:  

* had a meeting with a client, so only
  some Challenges on @KhanAcademy again
* read more #Python and bout #React Context API



### Day 16, June 29, Friday

**Today's Progress**:  

* prepared for a Drupal 8 project with
  legacy base % )
* started Memory Game Project on @KhanAcademy

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Memory Game++](https://tinyurl.com/khanmemp)



### Day 17, June 30, Saturday

**Today's Progress**:  

* finally finished #freeCodeCamp Project
  "Random Quotes Machine" with #React Context API
* more reading and challenges : )

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Random Quotes Machine](https://tinyurl.com/fccrqu)



### Day 18, July 1, Sunday

**Today's Progress**:  

* cleaned up "Random Quotes Machine"
  #freeCodeCamp Project
* dived into Context API + Redux
* nearly finished @KhanAcademy 's
  Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Random Quotes Machine](https://tinyurl.com/fccrqu)



### Day 19, July 2, Monday

**Today's Progress**:  

* got further with @KhanAcademy 's
  Journey into cryptography
* used and digged deeper into #Redux
* looked where I might contribute
  to #OSS repos : )



### Day 20, July 3, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:  
* reprog "Random Quotes Machine"
  #freeCodeCamp Project
  to #reactjs & #Redux
* digged into Middleware
  & Currying with #ES6
* did some @KhanAcademy challenges



### Day 21, July 4, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:  
Not much for today, had to work
on a client's mobile-menu.
But:
* did some @KhanAcademy challenges
* prepared second @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
* some more reading for #Python
* some reading on #GDPR % )



### Day 22, July 5, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:  
Although I'm still working on the
client's site, I did:
* finish the second @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
  "Build a Markdown Previewer"
* more reading on #GDPR & #Python
* some @KhanAcademy challenges

**Link(s) to work**  

1. [Markdown Previewer](https://tinyurl.com/rr-md-pr)



### Day 23, July 6, Friday

**Today's Progress**:  
Oh, I jumped a day (21th) here % )
So, fitting, on a prime day I did
* nearly finish @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into Cryptography"
* more reading on #GDPR & #Python



### Day 24, July 7, Saturday + Day 25, July 8, Sunday

**Today's Progress**:  
Was relaxing a little yesterday
and only wrote part of a #Python
script for the challenge
and today I:
* finished @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into Cryptography" : )
* read more about #Python



### Day 26, July 9, Monday

**Today's Progress**:
Didn't get to tweet yesterday,
so here are my proceedings
* started @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into
  information theory"
* finished a coding challenge
  by @dan_abramov but it
  seems like his mailbox ran
  amok with DMs ^^

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Dan's Afterthought](https://twitter.com/dan_abramov/status/1016492013443866626)



### Day 27, July 10, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:
* finished third @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
  "Build a Drum Machine", but
  still have TODO:
  Styling, Bank switch, etc. ; )
* more reading and playing
  around with #React & #Redux
  and packaging

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Drum Machine](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-rr-dm)



### Day 28, July 11, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:  
Not much done, had to implement
GDPR compliant Privacy- &
Cookie-policies and such for
a client. But still I worked on:
* @KhanAcademy's "Journey into
  information theory"
* some tinkering with the
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  Drum Machine



### Day 29, July 12, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:  
* continued @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into
  information theory"
* "conquered" #GoogleAnalytics
  #GDPR Privacy- & Cookie
  compliant implementation.



### Day 30, July 13, Friday

**Today's Progress**:  
Only read and talked about next
steps of my freelance-journey
and new Website. (Last one I
did in 3-4 days for my
Media-Design Exam 2015 % ).
* Prepared (physically and mentally
  ; ) for my the next "prime" of my
  life with my wife
  > It rhymes, and what rhymes,
    is good.
  (Pumuckl)



### Day 31, July 14, Saturday - Day 33, July 16, Monday

**Today's Progress**:  
Although I took it slowly on my
B-Day and the "aftermath" the
following days, I still managed
to finish @KhanAcademy's "Journey
into information theory" as well
as "How Computers Work" and
"How the internet works" (why did
they put the basics at the end oO?).
▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░ 33% (1/3 : )



### Day 34, July 17, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:  
Not much, just
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"



### Day 35, July 18, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:  
Just a few hours I
* worked on and nearly finished
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"



### Day 36, July 19, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:
* went on in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS:
   Natural Simulations"
* finished @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [JS Calculator](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-rr-c)



### Day 37, July 20, Friday

**Today's Progress**:
* back in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS: Natural
  Simulations" the Force(s)
  was(were) with me ; )



### Day 38, July 20, Saturday - Day 40, July 23, Monday

**Today's Progress**:
Didn't come to much, these last
days, encountering my old fiend,
the Blues. But still got to do
some of @KhanAcademy's
"Advanced JS: Natural Simulations"
and reading more on #Python and
=> #Entrepreneurship



### Day 41, July 24, Friday

**Today's Progress**:
Not much, just
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock"



### Day 42, July 25, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:
* still in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS: Natural
  Simulations" I tried to
  improve my Mountain Range
  Project with animated
  Perlin Noise as sky % |.
(not the Answer but still ; )
▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░ 42%

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Mountain Range](https://tinyurl.com/ka-mr-pn)



### Day 43, July 26, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:
* starting short before midnight
  (so to say still on D42 % )
  I got back into @freeCodeCamp
  by doing some Challenges from
  their "Coding Interview Prep"
* finished my @KhanAcademy's
  Mountain Range Project

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Mountain Range](https://tinyurl.com/ka-mr-pn)


### Day 44, July 27, Friday

**Today's Progress**:
* still in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS:
  Natural Simulations"
  (Angular Movement)
* back into the @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock", all
  Buttons working in Theory,
  next up is Styling & Timer ^^



### Day 45, July 28, Saturday

**Today's Progress**:
* @freeCodeCamp's "Build a
  Pomodoro Clock" still is
  with me, didn't have much
  time today, as after the
  #BloodMoon, the sun was
  calling me to the park ; )
* there the first chapters of
  @AustinKleon's "Show Your
  Work!" bedazzled me ^^



### Day 46, July 30, Monday

**Today's Progress**:
After skipping a day on Sunday,
Monday was D46 instead of D47:
* nearly finished @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock", but
  some tests were failing -.-
  (now running on D47 ; )

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Pomodoro Clock](https://tinyurl.com/rr-pomo)



### Day 47, July 31, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**:
Finally - and still in July % )
* Finished @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock" with
  all tests passing, such being
  able to claim my
  Front End Libraries
  Certification : )

**Link(s) to work**    

1. [Pomodoro Clock](https://tinyurl.com/rr-pomo)
2. [Front End Libraries Certification](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-felc)



### Day 48, August 1, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**:
* sped through @freeCodeCamp's
  first three chapters of
  "Responsive Web Design
  Certification", Basic HTML(5),
  Basic CSS and Applied Visual
  Design in 74 min., as I'm
  already working on my new
  portfolio (home)page and
  am interested in CSS-Grid ; )



### Day 49, August 2, Thursday

**Today's Progress**:
* today me took "slower" steps
  and went through the next
  three of @freeCodeCamp's
  "Responsive Web Design
  Certification" chapters.
  Next: On to CSS-Grid!
After all today is our 10th
wedding anniversary, which
of course computes first : )!



### Day 50, August 3, Friday

**Today's Progress**
Today @freeCodeCamp's
CSS-Grid section & project
"Build a Tribute Page"
- sad theme #TerryPratchett,
but #makefrontendshitagain ; )
I'll mostly read this weekend,
traveling with "Connie",
my T-101MT ^^.
▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░ 50%

**Link(s) to work**
1. [Tribute Page](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-tribute)



### Day 51, August 4, Saturday & Day 52, August 5, Sunday

**Today's Progress**
As nearly foreseen, I only
got to reading about different
topics like Docker, redux-saga,
Observables in JS and such % ).
Back in the Game and on the
Keyboard again today : ).



### Day 53, August 6, Monday
Yip, back in the game : )!
* finished @freeCodeCamp's
  Responsive Web Design
  Project "Build a Survey Form"

**Link(s) to work**
1. [Survey Form](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-rsf)



### Day 54, August 7, Tuesday - R56, August 9, Thursday

**Progress**
Felt a little under the weather
(and wish it would rain % )
the last days so didn't tweet,
but still read more about #Python,
ML & chatbots.
Finished the first part "Data
Visualization with D3"of
@freeCodeCamp's "Data
Visualization Certification".



### Day 57, August 10, Friday

**Today's Progress**
* finished the second part
  "JSON APIs and Ajax"
  of @freeCodeCamp's "Data
  Visualization Certification"
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a Product Landing Page"



### Day 58, August 11, Saturday

**Today's Progress**
* pushed my @freeCodeCamp "Front End
  Libraries Certification" Projects
  to @GitHub and mirrored them on
  @Bitbucket, suit yourself ; ).
* finished @freeCodeCamp
  "Product Landing Page" Project  

**Link(s) to work**
1. [Front End Libraries Certification Projects @ GitHub](https://github.com/timhagn/fcc-felc)
2. [Front End Libraries Certification Projects @ Bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org/timhagn/fcc-felc)
3. [Product Landing Page](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-plp)



### Day 59, August 12, Sunday

**Today's Progress**
* added watch script to repos
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Bar Chart" from "Data
  Visualization with D3"



### Day 60, August 13, Monday

**Today's Progress**
Yesterday I needed a break,
but still read about #Python,
which seems to be my "fallback
solution" when I have no energy % ).
▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░ 60%



### Day 61, August 14, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**
* finished @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Bar Chart" from "Data
  Visualization with D3"

**Link(s) to work**
1. [D3 Bar Chart](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-d3bc)



### Day 62, August 15, Wednesday & Day 63, August 16, Thursday

**Progress**
On Wednesday I only came to reading
bout #Python again (after all it was
a bank holiday here ; ).
Yesterday I started the @freeCodeCamp
Project "D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
"Data Visualization with D3".



### Day 64, August 17, Friday

**Today's Progress**
* continued working on the
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
  "Data Visualization with D3".



### Day 65, August 18, Saturday & Day 66, August 20, Monday

**Today's Progress**

After being under the weather,
I only came to some reading
about #Python and #reactjs on
Saturday and took the day off
on Sunday. Today I at least
continued working on the
@freeCodeCamp Project
"D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
"Data Visualization with D3".



### Day 67, August 21, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**
Feeling slightly better, so
* finally finished @freeCodeCamp
  Project "D3 Scatterplot Graph"
  from "Data Visualization with D3"
  and so solved their
  #ProjectOfTheDay : )

**Link(s) to work**
1. [D3 Scatterplot Graph](https://tinyurl.com/fcc-d3sp)



### Day 68, August 22, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**
* created repos for the Project of
  @freeCodeCamp's Certifications
  "Responsive Web Design" &
  "Data Visualization with D3"
  and mirrored them on BitBucket
* started @freeCodeCamp "Responsive Web Design
  Certification" Project
  "Technical Documentation Page"  

**Link(s) to work**
1. [Responsive Web Design Projects @ GitHub](https://github.com/timhagn/fcc-rwdp)
2. [Responsive Web Design Projects @ BitBucket](https://bitbucket.org/timhagn/fcc-rwdp)
3. [Data Visualization Projects @ GitHub](https://github.com/timhagn/fcc-dvp)
4. [Data Visualization Projects @ BitBucket](https://bitbucket.org/timhagn/fcc-dvp)



### Day 69, August 23, Thursday

**Today's Progress**
* did a lot of reading, but not
  as fallback, but by intention ^^.
  Doing #JS vs. #PHP vs. #Python
  for my @freeCodeCamp "Responsive
  Web Design Certification" Project
  "Technical Documentation Page"
  Do you know, what ?...$val means
  in #PHP? Read about it in my
  Project (to become Blog-Post ; ).



### Day 70, August 31, Friday

**Today's Progress**
After @ka11ways talk at #byteconf,
I'm gonna heed his words and
won't reset the challenge,
but try to get back on track
on Monday (at the latest ; ).
Today I only stayed tuned in
on @byteconf and definitely
catch up their other talks
on YouTube!



### Day 71, September 3, Monday

**Today's Progress**
As promised I returned to the
challenge and continued working
on my @freeCodeCamp
"Responsive Web Design
Certification" Project
"Technical Documentation Page"
but it's rather turning into a
full scale blog post ^^. 1/2

2/2 All while trying an
update to Mint 19 on my
Dev-@TUXEDOComputers
Laptop, with a first for me:
the Ethernet Card won't work,
while WiFi worked out
of the box % ).
(Probs with an RT8111/8168,
but I'm gonna get it running! ; )



### Day 72 (part 1), September 4, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**
After fixing the Problems
with the RT8111/8168 (see
R1/D71) in Mint 19, I dived
into the intestines of
systemd-resolved.
Hoped to get it running
with my old local .test
confs for nginx and
uWSGI #Python, but had to
disable it % |.
Now some coding ^^.



### Day 72 (part 2), September 4, Tuesday

**Today's Progress**
Finally coding, I continued
working on my @freeCodeCamp
"Responsive Web Design
Certification" Project
"Technical Documentation Page".
Implemented the start of
a Pure-CSS Burger-Menu,
using :target Pseudo-Element
and added line numbering to
code elements.



### Day 73, September 5, Wednesday

**Today's Progress**
* "Finished" the Pure-CSS
  Burger-Menu via :target
  (have to tweak anims ; )
  Added PHP variables and
  tests are now all passing
  for the @freeCodeCamp
  Project "Technical
  Documentation Page".
* Finally came to watching
  more of @byteconf on YT.
