r1-log.md, before:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - Tim Hagn

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [June 14, Thursday, 2018].

## Log

### R1D1-6
* all of @freeCodeCamp Javascript Algorithms And Data Structures Certification
* Khan Academy's "Computer science - Algorithms" Challenge
* got #uWSGI over #NGINX running for #Python with #Flask
* still learning reading bout Python

### R1D7
* first two lessons of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification (Bootstrap & jQuery),  
  starting with Sass lesson  
* @khanacademy Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations to lesson 24  
* and still reading bout #Python, etc. etc. ^^
* at night: Sass lesson of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification

### R1D8
* @khanacademy Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations last two lessons,
  not including projects  
* wrote #Python script to solve Clue #3 in @khanacademy Cryptography challenge 101
* completed React lesson of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification
* cloned and began to write in this log
* prepared and played around with a #Python script to automate writing in this log(s) ^^

### R1D9
* completed Redux & Redux and React lessons of @freeCodeCamp
  Front End Libraries Certification.
* initialized local razzle + Redux playground for the Projects to follow
* played a little more with the #Python script to automate writing in the logs

### R1D10
* tried doing first Project of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification,
  Random Quotes, with React + Redux, but SSR in local Playground needed some
  tinkering.
* much reading on SSR, Python, Twitter API, etc.

### R1D11
* after wrecking my head I got the Project running in #CodePen,
  but #Redux still makes Problems
* read more about #Python and a little bout Natural Distributions

### R1D12
* didn't get to do much today, as I had to save a client's hacked Website
* read again about #Python and more bout Natural Distributions and did some
  Challenges on @KhanAcademy

### R1D13
* didn't get to much today, again - Hacking aftermath bug-fixing % )
* did some Challenges on @KhanAcademy

### R1D14
* still a little groggy, but tinkered with @babel 7
  & #freeCodeCamp Projects
* did some Challenges on @KhanAcademy again,
  but their streak counter is buggy -.-

### R1D15
* had a meeting with a client, so only
  some Challenges on @KhanAcademy again
* read more #Python and bout #React Context API

### R1D16
* prepared for a Drupal 8 project with
  legacy base % )
* started Memory Game Project on @KhanAcademy

### R1D17
* finally finished #freeCodeCamp Project
  "Random Quotes Machine" with #React Context API
* more reading and challenges : )

### R1D18
* cleaned up "Random Quotes Machine"
  #freeCodeCamp Project
* dived into Context API + Redux
* nearly finished @KhanAcademy 's
  Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations

### R1D19
* got further with @KhanAcademy 's
  Journey into cryptography
* used and digged deeper into #Redux
* looked where I might contribute
  to #OSS repos : )

### R1D20
* reprog "Random Quotes Machine"
  #freeCodeCamp Project
  to #reactjs & #Redux
* digged into Middleware
  & Currying with #ES6
* did some @KhanAcademy challenges

### R1D21
Not much for today, had to work
on a client's mobile-menu.
But:
* did some @KhanAcademy challenges
* prepared second @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
* some more reading for #Python
* some reading on #GDPR % )

### R1D22
Although I'm still working on the
client's site, I did:
* finish the second @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
  "Build a Markdown Previewer"
* more reading on #GDPR & #Python
* some @KhanAcademy challenges

### R1D23
Oh, I jumped a day (21th) here % )
So, fitting, on a prime day I did
* nearly finish @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into Cryptography"
* more reading on #GDPR & #Python

### R1D24 + 25
Was relaxing a little yesterday
and only wrote part of a #Python
script for the challenge
and today I:
* finished @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into Cryptography" : )
* read more about #Python

### R1D26
Didn't get to tweet yesterday,
so here are my proceedings
* started @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into
  information theory"
* finished a coding challenge
  by @dan_abramov but it
  seems like his mailbox ran
  amok with DMs ^^

### R1D27
* finished third @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
  "Build a Drum Machine", but
  still have TODO:
  Styling, Bank switch, etc. ; )
* more reading and playing
  around with #React & #Redux
  and packaging

### R1D28
Not much done, had to implement
GDPR compliant Privacy- &
Cookie-policies and such for
a client. But still I worked on:
* @KhanAcademy's "Journey into
  information theory"
* some tinkering with the
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  Drum Machine

### R1D29 + 30
* continued @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into
  information theory"
* "conquered" #GoogleAnalytics
  #GDPR Privacy- & Cookie
  compliant implementation.
  Only read and talked about next
  steps of my freelance-journey
  and new Website. (Last one I
  did in 3-4 days for my
  Media-Design Exam 2015 % ).
* Prepared (physically and mentally
  ; ) for my the next "prime" of my
  life with my wife
  > It rhymes, and what rhymes,
    is good.
  (Pumuckl ; )  

### R1D31 - 33
Although I took it slowly on my
B-Day and the "aftermath" the
following days, I still managed
to finish @KhanAcademy's "Journey
into information theory" as well
as "How Computers Work" and
"How the internet works" (why did
they put the basics at the end oO?).
▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░ 33% (1/3 : )

### R1D34
Not much, just
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"

### R1D35
Just a few hours I
* worked on and nearly finished
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"

### R1D36
* went on in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS:
   Natural Simulations"
* finished @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"

### R1D37
* back in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS: Natural
  Simulations" the Force(s)
  was(were) with me ; )

### R1D38 - 40
Didn't come to much, these last
days, encountering my old fiend,
the Blues. But still got to do
some of @KhanAcademy's
"Advanced JS: Natural Simulations"
and reading more on #Python and
=> #Entrepreneurship

### R1D41
Not much, just
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock"

### R1D42
* still in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS: Natural
  Simulations" I tried to
  improve my Mountain Range
  Project

### R1D43
* starting short before midnight
  (so to say still on D42 % )
  I got back into @freeCodeCamp
  by doing some Challenges from
  their "Coding Interview Prep"
* finished my @KhanAcademy's
  Mountain Range Project

### R1D44
* still in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS:
  Natural Simulations"
  (Angular Movement)
* back into the @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock", all
  Buttons working in Theory,
  next up is Styling & Timer ^^

### R1D45
* @freeCodeCamp's "Build a
  Pomodoro Clock" still is
  with me, didn't have much
  time today, as after the
  #BloodMoon, the sun was
  calling me to the park ; )
* there the first chapters of
  @AustinKleon's "Show Your
  Work!" bedazzled me ^^  

### R1D46
After skipping a day on Sunday,
Monday was D46 instead of D47:
* nearly finished @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock", but
  some tests were failing -.-
  (now running on D47 ; )

### R1D47
Finally - and still in July % )
* Finished @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock" with
  all tests passing, such being
  able to claim my
  Front End Libraries
  Certification : )

### R1D48
* sped through @freeCodeCamp's
  first three chapters of
  "Responsive Web Design
  Certification", Basic HTML(5),
  Basic CSS and Applied Visual
  Design in 74 min., as I'm
  already working on my new
  portfolio (home)page and
  am interested in CSS-Grid ; )

### R1D49
* today me took "slower" steps
  and went through the next
  three of @freeCodeCamp's
  "Responsive Web Design
  Certification" chapters.
  Next: On to CSS-Grid!
After all today is our 10th
wedding anniversary, which
of course computes first : )!

### R1D50
Today @freeCodeCamp's
CSS-Grid section & project
"Build a Tribute Page"
- sad theme #TerryPratchett,
but #makefrontendshitagain ; )
I'll mostly read this weekend,
traveling with "Connie",
my T-101MT ^^.
▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░ 50%

### R1D51 & R1D52
As nearly foreseen, I only
got to reading about different
topics like Docker, redux-saga,
Observables in JS and such % ).
Back in the Game and on the
Keyboard again today : ).

### R1D53
Yip, back in the game : )!
* finished @freeCodeCamp's
  Responsive Web Design
  Project "Build a Survey Form"

### R1D54 - R1D56
Felt a little under the weather
(and wished it would rain % )
the last days so didn't tweet,
but still read more about #Python,
ML & chatbots.
Finished the first part "Data
Visualization with D3"of
@freeCodeCamp's "Data
Visualization Certification".

### R1D57
* finished the second part
  "JSON APIs and Ajax"
  of @freeCodeCamp's "Data
  Visualization Certification"
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a Product Landing Page"

### R1D58
* pushed my @freeCodeCamp "Front End
  Libraries Certification" Projects
  to @GitHub and mirrored them on
  @Bitbucket, suit yourself ; ).
* finished @freeCodeCamp
  "Product Landing Page" Project

### R1D59
* added watch script to repos
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Bar Chart" from "Data
  Visualization with D3"

### R1D60
Yesterday I needed a break,
but still read about #Python,
which seems to be my fallback
"solution" when I have no energy % ).

### R1D61
* finished @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Bar Chart" from "Data
  Visualization with D3"

### R1D62 & R1D63
On Wednesday I only came to reading
bout #Python again (after all it was
a bank holiday here ; ).
Yesterday I started the @freeCodeCamp
Project "D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
"Data Visualization with D3".

### R1D64
* continued working on the
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
  "Data Visualization with D3".

### R1D65 & D66
After being under the weather,
I only came to some reading
about #Python and #reactjs on
Saturday and took the day off
on Sunday. Today I at least
continued working on the
@freeCodeCamp Project
"D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
"Data Visualization with D3".

### R1D67
Feeling slightly better, so
* finally finished @freeCodeCamp
  Project "D3 Scatterplot Graph"
  from "Data Visualization with D3"
  and so solved their
  #ProjectOfTheDay : )

### R1D68
* created repos for the Project of
  @freeCodeCamp's Certifications
  "Responsive Web Design" &
  "Data Visualization with D3"
  and mirrored them on BitBucket
* started @freeCodeCamp "Front End
  Libraries Certification" Project
  "Technical Documentation Page"

### R1D69
* did a lot of reading, but not
  as fallback, but by intention ^^.
  Doing #JS vs. #PHP vs. #Python
  for my @freeCodeCamp "Front End
  Libraries Certification" Project
  "Technical Documentation Page"
  Do you know, what ?...$val means
  in #PHP? Read about it in my
  Project (to become Blog-Post ; ).

### R1D70
After @ka11ways talk at #byteconf,
I'm gonna heed his words and
won't reset the challenge,
but try to get back on track
on Monday (at the latest ; ).
Today I only stayed tuned in
on @byteconf and definitely
catch up their other talks
on YouTube!

### R1D71
As promised I returned to the
challenge and continued working
on my @freeCodeCamp
"Responsive Web Design
Certification" Project
"Technical Documentation Page"
but it's rather turning into a
full scale blog post ^^. 1/2

2/2 All while trying an
update to Mint 19 on my
Dev-@TUXEDOComputers
Laptop, with a first for me:
the Ethernet Card won't work,
while WiFi worked out
of the box % ).
(Probs with an RT8111/8168,
but I'm gonna get it running! ; )

### R1D72P1
After fixing the Problems
with the RT8111/8168 (see
R1/D71) in Mint 19, I dived
into the intestines of
systemd-resolved.
Hoped to get it running
with my old local .test
confs for nginx and
uWSGI #Python, but had to
disable it % |.
Now some coding ^^.

### R1D72P2
Finally coding, I continued
working on my @freeCodeCamp
"Responsive Web Design
Certification" Project
"Technical Documentation Page".
Implemented the start of
a Pure-CSS Burger-Menu,
using :target Pseudo-Element
and added line numbering to
code elements.

### R1D73
* "Finished" the Pure-CSS
  Burger-Menu via :target
  (have to tweak anims ; )
* Finally came to watching
  more of @byteconf on YT.

Commit message:

update for R1D73 PHP vars & tests

r1-log.md, after:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - Tim Hagn

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [June 14, Thursday, 2018].

## Log

### R1D1-6
* all of @freeCodeCamp Javascript Algorithms And Data Structures Certification
* Khan Academy's "Computer science - Algorithms" Challenge
* got #uWSGI over #NGINX running for #Python with #Flask
* still learning reading bout Python

### R1D7
* first two lessons of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification (Bootstrap & jQuery),  
  starting with Sass lesson  
* @khanacademy Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations to lesson 24  
* and still reading bout #Python, etc. etc. ^^
* at night: Sass lesson of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification

### R1D8
* @khanacademy Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations last two lessons,
  not including projects  
* wrote #Python script to solve Clue #3 in @khanacademy Cryptography challenge 101
* completed React lesson of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification
* cloned and began to write in this log
* prepared and played around with a #Python script to automate writing in this log(s) ^^

### R1D9
* completed Redux & Redux and React lessons of @freeCodeCamp
  Front End Libraries Certification.
* initialized local razzle + Redux playground for the Projects to follow
* played a little more with the #Python script to automate writing in the logs

### R1D10
* tried doing first Project of @freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification,
  Random Quotes, with React + Redux, but SSR in local Playground needed some
  tinkering.
* much reading on SSR, Python, Twitter API, etc.

### R1D11
* after wrecking my head I got the Project running in #CodePen,
  but #Redux still makes Problems
* read more about #Python and a little bout Natural Distributions

### R1D12
* didn't get to do much today, as I had to save a client's hacked Website
* read again about #Python and more bout Natural Distributions and did some
  Challenges on @KhanAcademy

### R1D13
* didn't get to much today, again - Hacking aftermath bug-fixing % )
* did some Challenges on @KhanAcademy

### R1D14
* still a little groggy, but tinkered with @babel 7
  & #freeCodeCamp Projects
* did some Challenges on @KhanAcademy again,
  but their streak counter is buggy -.-

### R1D15
* had a meeting with a client, so only
  some Challenges on @KhanAcademy again
* read more #Python and bout #React Context API

### R1D16
* prepared for a Drupal 8 project with
  legacy base % )
* started Memory Game Project on @KhanAcademy

### R1D17
* finally finished #freeCodeCamp Project
  "Random Quotes Machine" with #React Context API
* more reading and challenges : )

### R1D18
* cleaned up "Random Quotes Machine"
  #freeCodeCamp Project
* dived into Context API + Redux
* nearly finished @KhanAcademy 's
  Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations

### R1D19
* got further with @KhanAcademy 's
  Journey into cryptography
* used and digged deeper into #Redux
* looked where I might contribute
  to #OSS repos : )

### R1D20
* reprog "Random Quotes Machine"
  #freeCodeCamp Project
  to #reactjs & #Redux
* digged into Middleware
  & Currying with #ES6
* did some @KhanAcademy challenges

### R1D21
Not much for today, had to work
on a client's mobile-menu.
But:
* did some @KhanAcademy challenges
* prepared second @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
* some more reading for #Python
* some reading on #GDPR % )

### R1D22
Although I'm still working on the
client's site, I did:
* finish the second @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
  "Build a Markdown Previewer"
* more reading on #GDPR & #Python
* some @KhanAcademy challenges

### R1D23
Oh, I jumped a day (21th) here % )
So, fitting, on a prime day I did
* nearly finish @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into Cryptography"
* more reading on #GDPR & #Python

### R1D24 + 25
Was relaxing a little yesterday
and only wrote part of a #Python
script for the challenge
and today I:
* finished @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into Cryptography" : )
* read more about #Python

### R1D26
Didn't get to tweet yesterday,
so here are my proceedings
* started @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into
  information theory"
* finished a coding challenge
  by @dan_abramov but it
  seems like his mailbox ran
  amok with DMs ^^

### R1D27
* finished third @freeCodeCamp
  Frontend Library Cert Project
  "Build a Drum Machine", but
  still have TODO:
  Styling, Bank switch, etc. ; )
* more reading and playing
  around with #React & #Redux
  and packaging

### R1D28
Not much done, had to implement
GDPR compliant Privacy- &
Cookie-policies and such for
a client. But still I worked on:
* @KhanAcademy's "Journey into
  information theory"
* some tinkering with the
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  Drum Machine

### R1D29 + 30
* continued @KhanAcademy's
  "Journey into
  information theory"
* "conquered" #GoogleAnalytics
  #GDPR Privacy- & Cookie
  compliant implementation.
  Only read and talked about next
  steps of my freelance-journey
  and new Website. (Last one I
  did in 3-4 days for my
  Media-Design Exam 2015 % ).
* Prepared (physically and mentally
  ; ) for my the next "prime" of my
  life with my wife
  > It rhymes, and what rhymes,
    is good.
  (Pumuckl ; )  

### R1D31 - 33
Although I took it slowly on my
B-Day and the "aftermath" the
following days, I still managed
to finish @KhanAcademy's "Journey
into information theory" as well
as "How Computers Work" and
"How the internet works" (why did
they put the basics at the end oO?).
▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░ 33% (1/3 : )

### R1D34
Not much, just
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"

### R1D35
Just a few hours I
* worked on and nearly finished
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"

### R1D36
* went on in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS:
   Natural Simulations"
* finished @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a JavaScript Calculator"

### R1D37
* back in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS: Natural
  Simulations" the Force(s)
  was(were) with me ; )

### R1D38 - 40
Didn't come to much, these last
days, encountering my old fiend,
the Blues. But still got to do
some of @KhanAcademy's
"Advanced JS: Natural Simulations"
and reading more on #Python and
=> #Entrepreneurship

### R1D41
Not much, just
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock"

### R1D42
* still in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS: Natural
  Simulations" I tried to
  improve my Mountain Range
  Project

### R1D43
* starting short before midnight
  (so to say still on D42 % )
  I got back into @freeCodeCamp
  by doing some Challenges from
  their "Coding Interview Prep"
* finished my @KhanAcademy's
  Mountain Range Project

### R1D44
* still in @KhanAcademy's
  "Advanced JS:
  Natural Simulations"
  (Angular Movement)
* back into the @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock", all
  Buttons working in Theory,
  next up is Styling & Timer ^^

### R1D45
* @freeCodeCamp's "Build a
  Pomodoro Clock" still is
  with me, didn't have much
  time today, as after the
  #BloodMoon, the sun was
  calling me to the park ; )
* there the first chapters of
  @AustinKleon's "Show Your
  Work!" bedazzled me ^^  

### R1D46
After skipping a day on Sunday,
Monday was D46 instead of D47:
* nearly finished @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock", but
  some tests were failing -.-
  (now running on D47 ; )

### R1D47
Finally - and still in July % )
* Finished @freeCodeCamp's
  "Build a Pomodoro Clock" with
  all tests passing, such being
  able to claim my
  Front End Libraries
  Certification : )

### R1D48
* sped through @freeCodeCamp's
  first three chapters of
  "Responsive Web Design
  Certification", Basic HTML(5),
  Basic CSS and Applied Visual
  Design in 74 min., as I'm
  already working on my new
  portfolio (home)page and
  am interested in CSS-Grid ; )

### R1D49
* today me took "slower" steps
  and went through the next
  three of @freeCodeCamp's
  "Responsive Web Design
  Certification" chapters.
  Next: On to CSS-Grid!
After all today is our 10th
wedding anniversary, which
of course computes first : )!

### R1D50
Today @freeCodeCamp's
CSS-Grid section & project
"Build a Tribute Page"
- sad theme #TerryPratchett,
but #makefrontendshitagain ; )
I'll mostly read this weekend,
traveling with "Connie",
my T-101MT ^^.
▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░ 50%

### R1D51 & R1D52
As nearly foreseen, I only
got to reading about different
topics like Docker, redux-saga,
Observables in JS and such % ).
Back in the Game and on the
Keyboard again today : ).

### R1D53
Yip, back in the game : )!
* finished @freeCodeCamp's
  Responsive Web Design
  Project "Build a Survey Form"

### R1D54 - R1D56
Felt a little under the weather
(and wished it would rain % )
the last days so didn't tweet,
but still read more about #Python,
ML & chatbots.
Finished the first part "Data
Visualization with D3"of
@freeCodeCamp's "Data
Visualization Certification".

### R1D57
* finished the second part
  "JSON APIs and Ajax"
  of @freeCodeCamp's "Data
  Visualization Certification"
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "Build a Product Landing Page"

### R1D58
* pushed my @freeCodeCamp "Front End
  Libraries Certification" Projects
  to @GitHub and mirrored them on
  @Bitbucket, suit yourself ; ).
* finished @freeCodeCamp
  "Product Landing Page" Project

### R1D59
* added watch script to repos
* started @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Bar Chart" from "Data
  Visualization with D3"

### R1D60
Yesterday I needed a break,
but still read about #Python,
which seems to be my fallback
"solution" when I have no energy % ).

### R1D61
* finished @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Bar Chart" from "Data
  Visualization with D3"

### R1D62 & R1D63
On Wednesday I only came to reading
bout #Python again (after all it was
a bank holiday here ; ).
Yesterday I started the @freeCodeCamp
Project "D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
"Data Visualization with D3".

### R1D64
* continued working on the
  @freeCodeCamp Project
  "D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
  "Data Visualization with D3".

### R1D65 & D66
After being under the weather,
I only came to some reading
about #Python and #reactjs on
Saturday and took the day off
on Sunday. Today I at least
continued working on the
@freeCodeCamp Project
"D3 Scatterplot Graph" from
"Data Visualization with D3".

### R1D67
Feeling slightly better, so
* finally finished @freeCodeCamp
  Project "D3 Scatterplot Graph"
  from "Data Visualization with D3"
  and so solved their
  #ProjectOfTheDay : )

### R1D68
* created repos for the Project of
  @freeCodeCamp's Certifications
  "Responsive Web Design" &
  "Data Visualization with D3"
  and mirrored them on BitBucket
* started @freeCodeCamp "Front End
  Libraries Certification" Project
  "Technical Documentation Page"

### R1D69
* did a lot of reading, but not
  as fallback, but by intention ^^.
  Doing #JS vs. #PHP vs. #Python
  for my @freeCodeCamp "Front End
  Libraries Certification" Project
  "Technical Documentation Page"
  Do you know, what ?...$val means
  in #PHP? Read about it in my
  Project (to become Blog-Post ; ).

### R1D70
After @ka11ways talk at #byteconf,
I'm gonna heed his words and
won't reset the challenge,
but try to get back on track
on Monday (at the latest ; ).
Today I only stayed tuned in
on @byteconf and definitely
catch up their other talks
on YouTube!

### R1D71
As promised I returned to the
challenge and continued working
on my @freeCodeCamp
"Responsive Web Design
Certification" Project
"Technical Documentation Page"
but it's rather turning into a
full scale blog post ^^. 1/2

2/2 All while trying an
update to Mint 19 on my
Dev-@TUXEDOComputers
Laptop, with a first for me:
the Ethernet Card won't work,
while WiFi worked out
of the box % ).
(Probs with an RT8111/8168,
but I'm gonna get it running! ; )

### R1D72P1
After fixing the Problems
with the RT8111/8168 (see
R1/D71) in Mint 19, I dived
into the intestines of
systemd-resolved.
Hoped to get it running
with my old local .test
confs for nginx and
uWSGI #Python, but had to
disable it % |.
Now some coding ^^.

### R1D72P2
Finally coding, I continued
working on my @freeCodeCamp
"Responsive Web Design
Certification" Project
"Technical Documentation Page".
Implemented the start of
a Pure-CSS Burger-Menu,
using :target Pseudo-Element
and added line numbering to
code elements.

### R1D73
* "Finished" the Pure-CSS
  Burger-Menu via :target
  (have to tweak anims ; )
  Added PHP variables and
  tests are now all passing
  for the @freeCodeCamp
  Project "Technical
  Documentation Page".
* Finally came to watching
  more of @byteconf on YT.
